Update README.mdx (#24)
epicweb-dev/full-stack-testing: exercises/04.unit-test/03.problem.hooks/README.mdx

is an exception. There are in fact, no tests where I want the real
`console.error` to be called. So by using a `beforeEach` hook, we can mock the
`console.error` for every test and restore it after it's finished. Additionally,

> it would be a good idea to have some sort of description of what the additional
> good idea would be 😅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it would be a good idea to make certain there were no unexpected calls to
`console.error` (we don't want to swallow errors and miss actual problems!).
```
